[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video we
are starting the holiday prayer lane
it's all going on today if you've
watched my other videos you'll know that
I'm going on my travels for about a
month so I'm just sort of getting myself
prepped both like hair nails eyebrows
everything I mentally as well so I'm
just on the way to a hair appointment in
Cheshire it's like 20 minutes from a
half so I'm gonna take you guys along
all with me I go on Friday in a couple
days and it's just don't what to do
probably should have decided that before
going to freestyle
I'm wearing and my green striped shirt
thing
and really I kept it now it is it was
quite nice but a little white tee
underneath got some jean shorts on I am
obsessing and with this weather we're
having this brief I hope eventually
weekend has been so nice mace and I went
to Pinkerton castle which is like a
castle in whoever some friends and we
just had like a really nice chilled
weekend we just ate food drank I've just
had a really nice time and I feel so
refreshed I think that was exactly what
I needed her as I just told you that
water I hope you all had a really good a
little bank holiday weekend got some
chance to share that on everything but
don't forget to hit this video with a
thumbs up it really helps my channel on
everything and it really appreciates it
so yeah we've got to got stuck behind a
tractor it's in like America's field
which is like super
that kind of dropped out a little bit on
the way home but it's a little bit
shorter and I just love the really light
so I can throw it even better and like
less harsh because I was healthy too
with that bit of like landfill I mean we
haven't actually like hooked our return
flight just yet but we're going around
Asia and we're going to Bali Philippines
and Singapore and China and first stop
is to buy and then we'll put we'll fly
from there so I'm just so excited I'm
pretty much all set now I just need to
get like last touches and the girl who
does my nail that she canceled this
morning so I need to go and get these
done somewhere else
they just need like in fill in and then
I need to get my toes done and and also
buy some like suitcase
organizers now a few my friends have
recommended these like they were saying
it they're like the biggest like to say
that ever so I'm all over that this time
around because we're traveling for quite
a while I just want to be super
organized and like not forget any little
bits and like obviously to a point but
yeah in the past I've definitely been
like less organized and then you end up
spending more money and it's just a bit
more stressful I'm just gonna take you
along with me it's such a nice day today
and hopefully you guys could get some
little helpful tips because I know how
stressful traveling can be and like
getting ready in especially for such a
long time I don't think I've ever
traveled like and stayed in so many
different spots but I will be doing so
I'm so excited trying to stay calm right
now cuz I just want to scream so excited
so this is just a bit of a list that I
need to walk like some stuff that I need
to buy today like desperately need a
universal plug it up to packing cubes I
really hope I can find these and yeah
just stuff like that first drop BNN and
Matalin to see if they've got any and
not travel organizers right
[Music]
was looking for the t.j.maxx you've got
like this huge section which is just
very handy for like traveling I'm
literally living the life and to pay max
right now like look at all these thing
I've got everything that needs to get
and now I'm just at the Tri percentage
I'm gonna grab the last bits and then go
get my nails done but I'm in the best
mood I'm real itchy so excited that so
I'll just take you along with that we
could go into Dravid later I'm not long
been back I've had my nails done I've
also had my toes done but I don't think
when I show these but I've just got like
the same color on my toes I've gone fold
y'all nails and they're just think the
last loads better then I polish wood
eating it fresh and I feel like that's a
weight off my shoulders so this is what
I've picked up over the past few days so
I'm going to just go through everything
I hope so I hope you might find this
useful right if you're packing to go
away and it is it like cost friendly as
well I've tried to get everything that
lower price so I'm just going to go
through the bits of picked up today
these optical lens for like my camera
phone just taking they're only 50 P from
pound stretcher and I've got some stuff
just in case like we have any bad
stomach problems and I think that some
flushed blocked roof pull offs from
pound structure and some paracetamol
just in case I went in to TK Maxx and I
got this coconut oil
it was 999 but online it's usually like
15 16 pounds and it's just some heat
serum for my hair and I got this off of
Amazon this was super cheap a curling
wand I've never picked up some toner I
got this on Amazon and this is supposed
to be really good shampoo and then I
hate how expensive this olaplex is but
it is really good and obviously some
putting like bleach from her so I'm
trying to look after it and I'll sleep
in this sometimes and then also from TK
Maxx I got this adapter which was only
$1.99 and it's an Asia and Australia got
this from TK Maxx it was only $5.99 and
I just loved how I've never heard of the
brand but I just loved how high how
pigmented they were like look at that
they're so pigmented and I got this a
little gold bag so this is I can use
this is like put makeup in or whatever
and also all be that little box which is
so useful especially for like her teens
and stuff like that because you don't
know take the whole bottle then I got a
little bag for laundry now obviously
because we're going for a month
sorry that was $6.99 and this was $5.99
from TK Maxx and all of these are from
TK Maxx tired Einstein I always say just
like this super handy to pop laundry in
a six piece and it's just like an
organizer fee suitcase super handy and
then I also got a three piece packing
cube as well that just goes like that
this is $9.99 and then for Mason I just
got him a packing cube $7.99 booze from
Topshop now these were actually nine
pounds in the sale not 15 pounds it's so
cheap and reasonable and they're really
really nice actually
and here but these from Primark in the
traffic center this was just a cute
little headband only three pounds and
she looked really cute and then I got I
go through these next extras honestly
just like a plain little gold necklace a
woman pound 50 Primark shops I just
picked up this mirror for doing my
makeup in it was only three pound a lip
gloss I thought I'd just give this a try
I got these cute little tank tops which
were in the sale is a good little basics
for on holiday I got it in black as well
that's a lace-up bra which I've just
been kneading for like anything backless
I also found this belt which I just
thought was really pretty and that was
four pounds
future gold just felt like that oh my
god lashes I love these in Boston at the
four pounds were honest I swear by these
parents box which really good values
eight pounds and it's got too many ones
as well like yes and then these were in
this fail I just thought this was like a
nice little thong bikini con can never
have too many things I think it's a
pound like these lashes in Queen are
really really like Queen and boxing the
really really good lashes and also some
are attaches for the plane so yeah I
actually did really well in power I
think I spent just under forty five
pounds altogether and I know isn't that
bad at all like I've got loads so it's
the last one where I've put some of my
sewing costumes in these little plastic
see the bald bags which is so handy and
yeah
wow wow how I'm gonna pop this in a
suitcase I don't know what to take I
feel like I don't have enough activewear
this is expected work I'll just I don't
know what poll o said but this is my
suitcase pretty much packed I just need
to pop these various items in so here
we've got I've just labeled stuff which
is so helpful really recommend doing
this underwear socks about going out
clothes here is just some stuff that I
found it in the washing basket that was
clean and casual wear that's a
jam-packed swimwear and gym wear a
costume where they've taken up the most
room in my bag super organized pop all
my hair and stuff into here me some
chants Chanel perfume I've put some
Creed into this bottle that came with it
and then I put some face cream in here
some moisturizers and some cost small
pads
and then it just like toner in these two
boxes quite Evo's tone - it's quite late
enough so I am just going to finish the
last bit and get ready for tomorrow and
I'm so excited thank you so much for
watching guys I really hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you guys in the
next one